hey everyone this is my review and
unboxing of the new energizer energy to
go this is the AAP 1201 for the iPhone 4
silicone case with built-in rechargeable
battery I just got this today it's
actually supposed to be coming out on
the 26th of September but Best Buy
actually had it on sale today so I got
it a little bit early but um here's the
box I like the way the box is set up
it's really easy to take apart and
here's what you got with it comes with
the micro cable so you're gonna connect
this to the unit let me actually get to
the case itself so when you take it out
here's the actual manual so you got a
manual here how to use it how to charge
it this is the actual case itself what I
like about this is this is the first
silicon case rechargeable battery out in
the market really thin I mean I really
love the sleekness of it the material is
like a rubber based silicone but the
back this is the actual plastic II
material as you can see it is a slight
color difference between this in this
area but it's okay I can get used to
that large opening for the camera let's
go ahead and install it really easy you
basically put your iPhone right there
and at an angle it just slides in then
with a slight touch
you just wrap around the edges and
that's it once you have it done there's
really nothing else that click so you
pretty much know you have it in right
and it feels really solid in your hands
I mean it feels like the way it should
feel because this thickness is not
really that thick I mean I did compare
this to the XO gear the XO gear is 1500
milliamps this one is 1200 not a big
deal not a big difference and again I
love the feel of this it's I mean it
looks it slides in and out of your jeans
really easily because I didn't want to
get something it is gonna be hard to do
that so basically what you do is it's
got a little on the corner it's got the
slot for this so you put in the mini USB
cable and then you pretty much just
connect your USB into your laptop
whatever and first I was wondering like
is this gonna be able to still sync with
iTunes and it does so you can um it's
pretty cool so now I can use my I tuned
my Apple USB with it and use it in my
car for example so it hot sinks and
charges all at once it gives you up to
five hours of additional talk time and
does have the other specifications on
their website so basically you're
getting a 1200 milliamp battery so again
a really good it's got plenty of room
for the camera as you can see it's got a
large opening it's got a matte finish so
your pictures are gonna be fine on this
side you do have the volume up and down
and makes a nice clicking noise so you
know you're pushing it right large
opening for the vibrate at the top large
opening pretty good opening for the
headset now it doesn't really fit right
because of that the noise cancelling mic
is a little bit hidden there but I'm
sure this will adjust after time I've
got a nice access to the volume coming
to the power button at the bottom
there's only to the left you barely can
see it but it's a button here that you
push and by pushing that button that's
how you're gonna find out how much
battery you have on it so this is the
actual battery check if you actually
hold it down for a couple of seconds
you'll see a red light that red light
means now it's in quick charge mode
quick charge mode I've been told charges
it at 1,000 milliamps so this will
quickly charge your iPhone obviously
it's gonna drain it a lot faster but
it's good to know that you can quickly
charge your iPhone in case you're
needing it and you hold it down again it
goes off and if you push it once these
are the battery indicators so you got a
total of four so I'm fully charged and I
like that because it's hidden you can't
even see the the circles for the lights
on unless you actually push it down so
that's pretty cool
and again it really feels great in your
hands good case 79 bucks
I recommend that it's got a three year
warranty so you can't beat that
energizer with their three year warranty
is the best and I've been told you can
charge it up to five hundred times so
that's my review thanks guys